src/content/books/2023-reading-list.mdx, before:

---
blurb: These are the books that I read in 2023. It is only a partial list since I started tracking my reading only part way through the year.
_slug: 2023-reading-list
image: 2023.jpg
year: "2023"
---

import Quote from "../../components/quote"
import Biblio from "../../components/biblio"
import Title from "../../components/title"
import { Icon } from 'astro-icon'


<div class="py-2 w-full max-w-3xl">
        <Title title="2023" subtitle="Reading List" />
        <ul class="list-none">
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377067">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Three-Body Problem"
                    author="Cixin Liu"
                    year="2008"
                    cover="three_body_problem.jpeg"
                >
                    Profound is an understatment. This well told story introduced many unique
                    concepts. Intelligent use of scientific knowledge.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377081">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Dark Forest"
                    author="Cixin Liu"
                    year="2008"
                    cover="dark_forest.jpeg"
                >
                    A bit dark. Proposes a bleak outlook on the relationship between civilizations
                    in the universe. Incredibly well written.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377104">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio title="Death's End" author="Cixin Liu" year="2010" cover="deaths_end.jpeg">
                    A satisfying end to the saga. Wraps up the story well and introduces some hope
                    which was a relief after the dark outlook of the previous book. Surprisingly,
                    was able to continue introducing new concepts and exploring intriguing ideas up
                    to the end.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780345346292">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence"
                    author="Carl Sagan"
                    year="1977"
                    cover="dragons_of_eden.jpeg"
                >
                    Traces the development of the brain through all of history and shows how
                    evolution built new functionality into the brain on top of more primitive
                    versions of the brain.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780836220629">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Far Side Gallery"
                    author="Gary Larson"
                    year="1982"
                    cover="the_far_side_gallery.jpeg"
                >
                    I deliberately paced myself with this one. I limited myself to 2 pages per
                    night.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780674011137">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="Creation: Life and How to Make It"
                    author="Steve Grand"
                    year="2000"
                    cover="creation.jpeg"
                >
                    The presentation is excellent. Builds up the universe from the most fundamental
                    particle up to life and intelligence. Reframes our understanding of the physical
                    universe as well as what it means to be intelligent. I wish there was more
                    technical discussion on the implementation of the brain. However, the high level
                    ideas are quite useful and goes a long way towards helping you understand the
                    requirements for building truly intelligent life.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780691206424">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="At the Edge of Time: Exploring the Mysteries of Our Universe’s First Seconds"
                    author="Dan Hooper"
                    year="2019"
                    cover="edge_of_time.jpg"
                >
                    The first few trillionths of a second after the big bang was an incredibly
                    active and mysterious time in our universe. Dan Hooper explores these few
                    moments and explain how our universe may have come to be. He takes us to the
                    edge of our current understanding and surveys the various unanswered questions
                    that scientists are struggling with today.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li
                class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100 items-center border-b border-b-gray-100"
                data-id="9780802210630"
            >
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="reading" class="w-8 text-orange-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">60%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Quest for Eden"
                    author="Elena Maria Marsella"
                    year="1966"
                    cover="the_quest_for_eden.jpg"
                >
                    An interesting exploration of the stories that we tell through the eyes of an
                    Anthropologist. Re-interprets the myths of the past with new light.
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        I'm probably not going to complete this book. It is brilliantly written and
                        quite compelling but the last few chapters feel like a chore.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780141969695">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="reading" class="w-8 text-orange-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">1%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Beginning of Infinity: Explanations That Transform the World"
                    author="David Deutsch"
                    year="2011"
                    cover="beginning_infinity.jpeg"
                >
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        This is proving harder to read than I expected. I'm going to put it aside
                        for now.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780198754626">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="wait" class="w-8 text-yellow-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold"></span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Age of Em: Work, Love and Life When Robots Rule the Earth"
                    author="Robin Hanson"
                    year="2016"
                    cover="age_of_em.jpeg"
                >
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        This is proving harder to read than I expected. I'm going to put it aside
                        for now.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9781501163401">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="Sleeping Beauties"
                    author="Stephen King, Owen King"
                    year="2017"
                    cover="sleeping_beauties.jpg"
                >
                    Easy flowing story telling. A gret premise and well executed. 
                </Biblio>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </div>

Commit message:

Re-organized the reading list

src/content/books/2023-reading-list.mdx, after:

---
blurb: These are the books that I read in 2023. It is only a partial list since I started tracking my reading only part way through the year.
_slug: 2023-reading-list
image: 2023.jpg
year: "2023"
---

import Quote from "../../components/quote"
import Biblio from "../../components/biblio"
import Title from "../../components/title"
import { Icon } from 'astro-icon'


<div class="py-2 w-full max-w-3xl">
        <Title title="2023" subtitle="Reading List" />
        <ul class="list-none">
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377067">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Three-Body Problem"
                    author="Cixin Liu"
                    year="2008"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=QxbFBAAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    Profound is an understatment. This well told story introduced many unique
                    concepts. Intelligent use of scientific knowledge.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377081">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Dark Forest"
                    author="Cixin Liu"
                    year="2008"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=6_gZCgAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    A bit dark. Proposes a bleak outlook on the relationship between civilizations
                    in the universe. Incredibly well written.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780765377104">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio title="Death's End" author="Cixin Liu" year="2010" cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=gebBDAAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api">
                    A satisfying end to the saga. Wraps up the story well and introduces some hope
                    which was a relief after the dark outlook of the previous book. Surprisingly,
                    was able to continue introducing new concepts and exploring intriguing ideas up
                    to the end.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780345346292">
    <div class="self-start p-4">
        <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
        <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
    </div>
    <Biblio
        title="Dragons of Eden"
        author="Carl Sagan"
        year="1986"
        cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=uG-ODQAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
    >
        “A history of the human brain from the big bang, fifteen billion years ago, to the day before yesterday . . . It's a delight.”—The New York Times

Dr. Carl Sagan takes us on a great reading adventu...
    </Biblio>
</li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780836220629">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Far Side Gallery"
                    author="Gary Larson"
                    year="1982"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=WWpIaArZtJwC&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    I deliberately paced myself with this one. I limited myself to 2 pages per
                    night.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780674011137">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="Creation: Life and How to Make It"
                    author="Steve Grand"
                    year="2000"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=aSqzKUnANM8C&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    The presentation is excellent. Builds up the universe from the most fundamental
                    particle up to life and intelligence. Reframes our understanding of the physical
                    universe as well as what it means to be intelligent. I wish there was more
                    technical discussion on the implementation of the brain. However, the high level
                    ideas are quite useful and goes a long way towards helping you understand the
                    requirements for building truly intelligent life.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780691206424">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="At the Edge of Time: Exploring the Mysteries of Our Universe’s First Seconds"
                    author="Dan Hooper"
                    year="2019"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=r9oBEAAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    The first few trillionths of a second after the big bang was an incredibly
                    active and mysterious time in our universe. Dan Hooper explores these few
                    moments and explain how our universe may have come to be. He takes us to the
                    edge of our current understanding and surveys the various unanswered questions
                    that scientists are struggling with today.
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li
                class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100 items-center border-b border-b-gray-100"
                data-id="9780802210630"
            >
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="reading" class="w-8 text-orange-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">60%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Quest for Eden"
                    author="Elena Maria Marsella"
                    year="1966"
                    cover="cover.png"
                >
                    An interesting exploration of the stories that we tell through the eyes of an
                    Anthropologist. Re-interprets the myths of the past with new light.
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        I'm probably not going to complete this book. It is brilliantly written and
                        quite compelling but the last few chapters feel like a chore.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780141969695">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="reading" class="w-8 text-orange-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">1%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Beginning of Infinity: Explanations That Transform the World"
                    author="David Deutsch"
                    year="2011"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=ex5xge75SR4C&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        This is proving harder to read than I expected. I'm going to put it aside
                        for now.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9780198754626">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="wait" class="w-8 text-yellow-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold"></span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="The Age of Em: Work, Love and Life When Robots Rule the Earth"
                    author="Robin Hanson"
                    year="2016"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=zIkSDAAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    <p class="text-xs text-slate-300 mt-1">
                        This is proving harder to read than I expected. I'm going to put it aside
                        for now.
                    </p>
                </Biblio>
            </li>
            <li class="flex items-center border-b border-b-gray-100" data-id="9781501163401">
                <div class="self-start p-4">
                    <Icon name="check" class="w-8 text-green-400 shrink-0" />
                    <span class="text-gray-300 font-bold">100%</span>
                </div>
                <Biblio
                    title="Sleeping Beauties"
                    author="Stephen King, Owen King"
                    year="2017"
                    cover="http://books.google.com/books/content?id=G4Q2DwAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&edge=curl&source=gbs_api"
                >
                    Easy flowing story telling. A gret premise and well executed. 
                </Biblio>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </div>
